---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/humanities/unit-1-urbanization-and-sustainability/class-notes-and-work/5-19-07-2022-settlements/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

# Settlement Notes

 [Notes from this resource](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Li-0sAVuZnjLtquoMEnvHqGl42-Hwu8I/view)

## Settlement
- A **settlement** can be ==large, permanent or temporary and is a place where people live. ==
- Settlements can be grouped together based on ==site and situation, shape/patterns, function, rank and hierarchy. ==

#### Site and Situation
- **Site** is the point where the town/village/city is located. Important **geographical** and **topological** factors such as soil, water supply, resource abundance and local relief were the predominant factors in finding a suitable settlement
- **Situation** describes the **location** of the settlement and its position which might make it advantageous → Paris became a large and historic city because it was located on an island in the River Seine (effectively making it a moat), and the extensive farming area where many rivers converged. It also observes its relation to other settlements.


#### Fuel/Food/Shelter &c
- A **fuel supply** is required especially post industrial revolution. In a world of hydrocarbons, abundance of fuel supply can greatly improve industrialization.
- **Food supplies** are important as well and are often related to availability of farmland (site)
- **Nodal points** is where several valleys create a route centre which offers a controlling point and easy access to water, and ability to use the river for transportation. 
	- Paris
	- Khartoum (Blue and White Nile)
	- St Louis (Mississippi and Missouri)
- **Bridging points** are necessary if it is on an island and for easy access. 
- **Shelter** and aspect is also important, as weather is an important factor that determines whether the settlement can sustain itself. 
- **Rural and urban** settlements are the main categories of settlements in the modern day. 

#### Patterns
- While some settlements are unique, there are a few categories or patterns.
	- Dispersed settlements
		- Isolated, individual buildings
		- Separated from the next group by 2-3 km
		- Dispersed settlements typically occur in adverse climatic or topological conditions. 
		- In the modern day, dispersed settlements can be in "mountainous parts of Scotland, Wales and northern England and in previously marshy areas such as the Fens"
	- Nucleated 
		- This is when several buildings are grouped closely together originally for defensive purposes, and later for socioeconomic reasons. 
		- The nucleation of buildings occurred when the farmland and water supply was reliable.
		- These occur every 10 kilometres or so.
	- Linear or street
		- Linear settlement occurs when buildings are "linear" or strung out along a line of communication.
		- It could be a canal (Netherlands) or a main road (leading out of a city) or a river valley (South Wales)
#### Function
- The function of a settlement relates to its socioeconomic development and its main activities. 
- Larger settlements have more function than smaller ones, although there is typically one primary purpose. For example, Cambridge is a university town and Dover is a port.


#### Hierarchy 
- The **arrangement** of settlements within a given area in order of importance
- Isolated farms and hamlets form the **base** of the pyramid, with the largest city atop it.
- **Order of importance** is based on:
	- <mark class="Yellow">Population size</mark>
		- There is no widely accepted or quantitative metrics, but a general understanding.
		- A <mark class="Pink">threshold population</mark> is the minimum number of people needed to ensure that a certain object has demand. For example, 350 people are needed for a shop to be successful, and 2500 for a single doctor to be available. 
	- <mark class="Yellow">Range and number of services</mark>
		- Villages provide the barebones of services. The services that do exist are used **daily**.
	- <mark class="Yellow">Sphere of influence</mark>
		- Sphere of influence is correlated with the **area** and its **comparison** to surrounding settlements




**Homework:** [[Humanities/Unit 1 - Urbanization and Sustainability/Class Notes and Work/6. Slide 13|6. Slide 13]]