---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/humanities/unit-1-urbanization-and-sustainability/class-notes-and-work/6-20-07-2022-homework-slide-20/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

# Slide 20 — Homework

1. List down countries have always had urban populations since the 1960s?
	- Singapore, Japan, Argentina, Uruguay, Iceland
2.  List down countries that continue to have a Rural Population even in the 2020s?
	- Countries such as Malawi, Niger and Papua New Guinea continue to have a rural population. The former only has 16.63% of its population in urban areas.
2. Outline three reasons why it is the case in the above two questions?
- Rural
	- For countries such as Malawi and Niger, there are limited opportunities in the urban sector/non farm activities. This causes most of the population to reside in rural areas to participate in agricultural work (which is not a constant stream of income and thus the countries are poorer)
- Urban 
	- Singapore has very limited land and thus most of its land was urbanized. The return of Japanese troops and an industrial boom encouraged internal migration towards urban areas.
	- In the case of Argentina, towards the end of the 19th century, there was mass internal migration towards the biggest cities such as Buenos Aires, Mendoza, Cordoba and Rosario. Buenos Aires makes up more than 35% of Argentina's entire population.
5. Outline two issues you think could have arises from rapid urbanization?
	- One issue is overpopulation in urban areas which causes more people being below the line of poverty, higher crime rates and fewer job opportunities.
	- Rapid urbanization can result in pollution and poor waste management due to the higher amount of waste generated and the strain of waste management services which results in pollution. 

