---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/idu/1-healthcare/12-07-2022/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

# Answering Questions
**Why do/should I care about understanding the healthcare and the medical system in my country and around the world?**
I should care about understanding the healthcare and medical system in a local and global perspective because it provides a glance into what healthcare facilities are provided to those in need because I may end up needing such a system as well. Understanding this system is crucial for my own local and global perspective, and plays into other pressing concepts and issues.

**Why do I think: learning about health care is an interdisciplinary inquiry?**
I think that learning about health care is an interdiscipinary inquiry because healthcare is not just composed of biology. The healthcare industry itself can only function because it employs a range of people that work in various careers, specializing in various disciplines. Concepts like logistics.  information technology, and biology which itself is made up of various subfields; they are all needed. No industry can successfully exist without the synthesization of multiple disciplines.

**Which disciplines/MYP subjects and their ways of knowing can facilitate my learning here?**
The disciplines that can facilitate my learning here are the sciences, specifically biology, and individuals and societies. Specifically, observing inequalities, global and local politics and historical impacts. Language and literature can play a role as well, because it includes the reading of various texts to have a refined understanding of healthcare facilities in my city, country and the world.

**Create a conceptual thought/ critical question in (30 words) based on your response to earlier 3 questions and tedtalk: Is healthcare a right or a luxury?**
Healthcare is a service provided to an individual. Choosing a private over public hospital makes it a luxury to avail the extra or improved facilities provided for by the private hospital. A right ensures one's own responsibility, except this is a choice to avail treatment, and this choice, determined by one's economic situation makes it a luxury.
**What I already know and what am I curious about?**


# Ted Talk
- "The world's best hospital... if you can afford it" → doesthat make it a luxury for that specific hospital
- If healthcare is very expensive, why would it be a brithright?
- No government can pay for that healthcare for such a population
- Depending on where you're from, and your income, healthcare might be a birthright or a luxury or both.
- People are living longer and longer, the more stress and expense is put on the healthcare system.
- Australia spends less revenue on healthcare, yet has a balanced and well-funded healthcare model.
- Stop equating price with quality.
- Waste of healthcare resources on wound dressings. They don't contribute to patient satisfaction, don't prevent infections, etc.
- Quality > Quantity. Start prioritizing quality of life over quantity of lifespan.
- Older people should not be pressured to extend their lifespan through treatment, especially when it affects how they perform in society. 

# My own understanding
- Healthcare is a service provided to an individual. Choosing a private over public hospital makes it a luxury to avail the extra or improved facilities provided for by the private hospital. A right ensures one's own responsibility, except this is a choice to avail treatment, and this choice, determined by one's economic situation makes it a luxury.

# Reference Material
- https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4384960/
- https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10947579/