---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/idu/1-healthcare/19-07-2022/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

# PRM 1: Why healthcare is not a 'right'

*Questions answered by LP* 2

**What kind of text is this? Explain and give evidence.**

This is an article by The Washington Times, titled 'Why Healthcare is not a Right'. This is an opinion piece by Roger Stark, as indicated by the structural choices such as the mentioning of the author name, apt title, date and general structure. This piece maintains the format throughout. The author establishes his opinion when he suggests that we should work towards "putting patients in charge of their healthcare" as opposed to focusing on "healthcare as a right".

**What is the purpose of this article? Who is the audience?**

The purpose of this article is to persuade the audience by illustrating why healthcare should not be considered a right. It begins by citing the American Declaration of Independence, in which "all men are born equal" yet healthcare is not mentioned as a right. Healthcare is necessary, but it is conveyed that existing public healthcare systems are not easy to implement and are often at the cost of fewer choices and longer wait lines. This article is intended for people who are advocates for healthcare being a right, for people who have yet to form an opinion on whether healthcare should be a luxury or a right, and it also serves as more information to help people strengthen their argument on why healthcare isn't a right.

**Any 3 strategies used by the writer**
1. Rhetorical Questions 2. Ethos 3. Juxtaposition

**Evidence of the 3 strategies**

1. Rhetorical questions are used "Who gets to decide who should receive healthcare and how much?"  
2. Ethos: Credibility is established through quoting documents such as the Declaration of Independence. 
3. Juxtaposition is indicated as it juxtaposes the "Canadian single-payer system" with the "free market system". It describes the Canadian system as having "unacceptable wait times and huge inefficiencies", and having to resort to "ration\[ing]healthcare by waiting lists and limited money", making it "variable".

**Explanation of the 3 strategies**
1. Rhetorical questions are a useful literary device that cause the reader to ponder over that fact, and often leave a lasting impression, conveying the content effectively.
2. Ethos is important because this is discussing a theoretical or ethical dilemma that is relevant in today's time. It is also used to establish credibility in the author, so that the audience are more easily persuaded.
3. Juxtaposition is used to highlight that the free market system, a symbol of the paramount democracy. However, there is dissent in this system when it comes to healthcare primarily because of affordability, and this use of juxtaposition helps weigh the pros and cons between the free market symbol and the single-payer system in Canada.

